Dx 802 document msisd email checkout (#321)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-order-purchase.md

|          | └➔&nbsp;`payer`                   | `object`     | The `payer` object containing information about the payer relevant for the payment order.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|   ︎︎︎    | └─➔&nbsp;`consumerProfileRef`     | `string`     | The consumer profile reference as obtained through [initiating a consumer session][initiate-consumer-session].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> |          | └─➔&nbsp;`email`            | `string`      | The e-mail address of the payer.                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|          | └─➔&nbsp;`email`            | `string`      | The e-mail address of the payer. Will be used to prefill the Checkin as well as on the payer's profile, if not already set.                                                                                                                                                             |
```

> |          | └─➔&nbsp;`msisdn`            | `string`      | Number will be prefilled on payment page, if valid. The mobile number must have a country code prefix and be 8 to 15 digits in length.                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|          | └─➔&nbsp;`msisdn`            | `string`      | The mobile phone number of the Payer. Will be prefilled on Checkin page and used on the payer's profile, if not already set. The mobile number must have a country code prefix and be 8 to 15 digits in length.                                                                                                                                                             |
```

> |          | └─➔&nbsp;`workPhoneNumber`            | `string`      | Optional (increased chance for frictionless flow if set).                                                                                    |

Reviewer: Is this correct information about `workPhoneNumber`? I don't see any mention of it in DX-802.
